README.md, before:

# MyStore

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added confirmation page and readme.md

README.md, after:

# MyStore

## Overview

Project provide an e-commerce website – an application that allows users to view a list of available products to purchase, add them to a shopping cart, and ultimately complete the checkout process.

Project features:
The application reflects the same user experience as that of a real-world e-commerce website, including a(n):
Product list page: `/`, which displays the available products for the user to choose and add to their cart (in various quantities)
Product details page: `/products/:productName`, which displays more information about any particular product
Shopping cart: `/cart`, which includes the products that the user has added to their cart
Checkout form: `/cart`, which collects information about the user (e.g., name, address, payment details, etc.)
Order confirmation page: `/confirmation`, which shows the outcome after the user completes the checkout process (i.e., submits the checkout form)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.
